MWPW-169010: MAS resilience & log improvements (#3775)
adobecom/milo: libs/features/mas/src/utils/README.md

# MAS Utilities

## masFetch

**File:** `mas-fetch.js`

A specialized fetch wrapper that provides automatic retry functionality for network errors.
Currently this utility is used for making HTTP requests to Freyja and WCS endpoints.

### Features & Implementation

-   Automatically retries failed requests due to network errors (not server errors)

> -   Implements a simple retry mechanism with a fixed 500ms delay between retry attempts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Implements a simple retry mechanism with a linearly increasing delay.
```

-   Only retries on network errors (like connection timeouts or DNS failures), not on HTTP status code errors (4xx, 5xx)
-   Preserves request headers across retry attempts

### Function Signature

```javascript

> async function masFetch(resource, options = {}, retries = 2, delay = 500) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
async function masFetch(resource, options = {}, retries = 2, baseDelay = 100) {
```
